c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\obj\Debug\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests.dll
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests.pdb
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\DallasMountainBikingService.dll
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\DallasMountainBikingService.pdb
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\obj\Debug\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests.dll
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\obj\Debug\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests.pdb
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.dll
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.xml
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\NLog.config
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Facilities.Logging.dll
c:\users\david.kobuszewski\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Facilities.Logging.xml
C:\Users\david.kobuszewski\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\david.kobuszewski\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\DapperExtensions.dll
C:\Users\david.kobuszewski\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\david.kobuszewski\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\DapperExtensions.pdb
C:\Users\david.kobuszewski\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\FakeItEasy.dll
C:\Users\david.kobuszewski\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\DallasMountainBikingService\DallasMountainBikingService.Tests\bin\Debug\FakeItEasy.xml
